feature:
	course management... z pohledu učitelů -> vytvořit, mazat, měnit 
		maximální počet lidí na předmět, maximální počty pro jednotlivé paralelky, potřebné vybavení, učitelé, počet hodin/cvičení, prerekvizity, počet kreditů atd. atd.
	scheduling... z pohledu komise a učitelů -> nejdřív to dělá komice, pak své menší předměty učitelé, komise dostane předměty, místnosti, preference učitelů
		v rozvrhu vytvořit, mazat, měnit paralelky (přednášky a cvíření předmětů), s kontrolu validity
		paralelka... maximální počet, učetelé, místnost, čas, typ
	preference... z pohledu učitele -> učitel vybere čas (lokalita) kdy nemůže učit
	viewing schedules... z pohledu učitele, studenta, místnosti, předmětu, obor, kruhu, 
	statistics... zaplněnost místností, vytížení učitelů, děláme snapshot


CORE:
Registering new course
As a teacher i want to register a new course with its information so that it can be scheduled and attended by students

Editing a course
As a teacher I want to be able to edit or delete my existing courses so I can correct errors.

CORE:
Scheduling a course
As a comitee member I need to be able to schedule an existing course to a specific time and room so i can gradually make the school schedule.

Viewing unscheduled courses
As a comitee member I want to be able to see the unscheduled courses so i know which courses are missing in the schedule and how many there are.

Viewing the whole schedule
As a comitee member I need to see a table with all scheduled courses (occupancy for each time and room) so I can see which slots are free.

CORE:
Colission detection
As a comitee member I want the system to notify me when more courses are scheduled in the same room and place so I can avoid colissions in schedule

Teacher scheduling
As a teacher I want to be able to schedule my courses so i can assign an appropriate room and time for it.

Teacher preference
As a teacher I want to specify the times I am unable to teach so I will not be assigned a course at that time.

CORE:
Schedule viewing
As a user I want to be able to view a schedule specific to me, a room, a course or a programme.

CORE:
Statistics viewing
As a user I want to be able to see the statistics from previous years - room utilization, teacher workload



SCHEDULING A COURSE 
1. Comitee member goes to the scheduling page 
2. The system displays the table of scheduled courses and a list of unscheduled courses for current semester
	- fetch all courses from persistent storage
	- filter current semester
	- divide into scheduled / unscheduled
	- display accordingly

3. Comitee member can filter the displayed courses by year, teacher, name
	- filter the courses based on user input

4. Comitee member selects a course to schedule
	- load course-specific information and constraints
5. The system displays available teachers and times for that course and appropriate rooms (satisfying room types and capacity)
	- find teacher teaching the course and fetch their schedules
	- find rooms with enough capacity matching the room types
6. Comitee member selects the teacher, time and room
	- check room schedule for conflicts
7. The system logs the course schedule information
	- store course schedule to persistent database
	- update all dependent views and caches
	- notify teachers assigned to the course











